Better issue templates! (#324)
Atmosphere-NX/Atmosphere: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug Report
about: Something doesn't work correctly in Atmosphère.
#assignees:
---

## Bug Report

[ If any section does not apply, use nil. ]  
[ Lines between [ ] (square brackets) should be removed before posting. ]

### What's the issue you encountered?

[ Describe the issue in detail and what you were doing beforehand. ]  
[ Did you make any changes related to Atmosphère itself? ]  
[ If so make sure to include details relating to what exactly you changed. ]

### How can the issue be reproduced?

[ Include a detailed step by step process for recreating your issue. ]
[ Note: If software you have installed can be used to make 'backups' of game files or distributed explicitly for piracy and are connected to why Atmosphère crashed, we will not provide support related to this issue. ]

### Crash Report

> If your issue caused Atmosphère to crash, include the crash report(s) by creating a [gist](https://gist.github.com/) which you should the link here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ If your issue caused Atmosphère to crash, include the crash report(s) by creating a [gist](https://gist.github.com/) which you should the link here. ]
```

> If your issue caused Atmosphère to crash, include the crash report(s) by creating a [gist](https://gist.github.com/) which you should the link here.

Reviewer: Should still mention the location of crash reports so users know where to find them.

> Failure to include a crash report for crash related issues could mean your issue is closed with no notification or reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ Failure to include a crash report for crash related issues could mean your issue is closed with no notification or reason. ]
```

### System Firmware Version
X.X.X  

> [ Replace X's with system firmware version at time of crash. ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ Replace X's with system firmware version at time of crash. ]
[ You can find your firmware version in the Settings -> System, under "System Update". ]
[ If it says "Update Pending", you can clear the pending update by rebooting to Maintenance Mode. ]
```

---
name: Bug Report
about: Something doesn't work correctly in Atmosphère.
#assignees:
---

## Bug Report

> [ If any section does not apply, use nil. ]  

Reviewer 2: What does "use nil" mean? This can be made more clear.

Author: Nil simply means that it's a not an applicable section. Will change to N/A.

[ Lines between [ ] (square brackets) should be removed before posting. ]

### What's the issue you encountered?

[ Describe the issue in detail and what you were doing beforehand. ]  
[ Did you make any changes related to Atmosphère itself? ]  

> [ If so make sure to include details relating to what exactly you changed. ]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[ If so, make sure to include details relating to what exactly you changed. ]
```

### How can the issue be reproduced?

[ Include a detailed step by step process for recreating your issue. ]

> [ Note: If software you have installed can be used to make 'backups' of game files or distributed explicitly for piracy and are connected to why Atmosphère crashed, we will not provide support related to this issue. ]

Reviewer 2: This sentence is very hard to parse. It can definitely be cleaned up.

Author: Fixed with new template for support disclaimers at the top of bug reports by default.

### Crash Report

[ Crash reports can be found under ``/atmosphere/crash_reports``. ]  

> [ If your issue caused Atmosphère to crash, include the crash report(s) by creating a [gist](https://gist.github.com/) which you should the link here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[ If your issue caused Atmosphère to crash, include the crash report(s) by creating a [gist](https://gist.github.com/) and pasting the link here.
```

> [ Failure to include a crash report for crash related issues could mean your issue is closed with no notification or reason. ]

Reviewer 2: I'd remove this line entirely. If someone posts an issue without a crash report, we'll just ask them for the crash report. No sense in closing the issue there. Maybe put a label on it to indicate that we're waiting on a crash report, but I don't think we have a high enough volume of issues for that to be a realistic concern.

Author: I will be revising and removing the line saying that failure to include a crash report will cause your issue to be closed, but I will maintain the fact that the user needs to include a crash report.

### System Firmware Version
X.X.X  
[ Replace X's with system firmware version at time of crash. ]
[ You can find your firmware version in the Settings -> System, under "System Update". ]
[ If it says "Update Pending", you can clear the pending update by rebooting to Maintenance Mode. ]

### Environment?

> - What bootloader (fusee, hekate, etc) was Atmosphère launched by:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- What bootloader (fusèe, hekate, etc) was Atmosphère launched by:
```

Reviewer 2: Err, please double check that I didn't botch the formatting by accidentally removing that space.

- Official release or unofficial build: 

>   - [ Offical Release Version x.x.x (or) Unofficial Build ]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [ Offical release version x.x.x (or) unofficial build ]
```
Title casing doesn't make sense here, and capitalization should be consistent with the line before it.

  - [ If using an unofficial build, include details on where/how you acquired the build. Self-compilation vs ex: Kosmos included version of Atmosphère ]

> - Do you have additional kips you're loading:

Reviewer 2: Maybe change to "kips or sysmodules"

Author: Copied from the original template, will include.

- Homebrew software installed:

>   - [ Note: If software you have installed can be used to make 'backups' of game files or distributed explicitly for piracy and are connected to why Atmosphère crashed, we will not provide support related to this issue. ]

Reviewer 2: This sentence should be cleaned up, too.

Author: Fixed with new support disclaimer at the top of the issue template.

### Additional context?
- Additional info about your environment:

> - Any other information relevant to your issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ Any other information relevant to your issue. ]
```

---
name: Bug Report
about: Something doesn't work correctly in Atmosphère.
#assignees:
---

## Bug Report

> [ If any section does not apply, use N/A. ]  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[ If any section does not apply, replace its contents with "N/A". ]
```

[ Lines between [ ] (square brackets) should be removed before posting. ]

[ * ]  
[ Note: If the bug or crash you encountered is related to; ]  
[ - software used to make "backups", ]  
[ - software explicitly distributed for piracy, ]  
[ - other software related to the duplication of copyrighted works,  

> no support for your issue will be provided and your issue will be closed. ]  

Reviewer 2: Sorry about the nitpick, but the way this line is wrapped is inconsistent with the rest of the document. Everywhere else, lines aren't wrapped. If you think this line should be wrapped, should it have an individual set of brackets for each line?

Author: I fiddled around with it and decided I had no idea what I wanted. I'll fully wrap both lines just to be careful.
